[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Well,
welcome to "Beyond Belief."
Our dear friend, William
Henry, back with us--
the Nashville-based author,
investigative pathologist
who really delves
into the human spirit
to come up with all kinds
of reasons that we exist
and where we're going.
William, welcome
to "Beyond Belief."
>>WILLIAM HENRY:
Thank you, George.
So glad to be here.
Wonderful to see--
>>NOORY: How have you been?
>>HENRY: Very well, thank you.
>>NOORY: Well,
William, you and I
have been doing this
for about 17 years,
starting on the radio program.
And since we've been
doing it, look what
has happened to technology.
>>HENRY: Well, exactly.
Google wasn't even in
business when we first
started talking, George.
>>NOORY: That's right.
>>HENRY: Facebook
didn't exist either.
These were just still figments
of people's imagination.
>>NOORY: Same maybe with Amazon.
>>HENRY: Well, Amazon,
yeah, was just--
>>NOORY: It was just
the book company.
>>HENRY: Exactly.
And so I remember those
days very well-- talking
about the merger
of this technology
of genetic technology,
nanotechnology,
artificial intelligence
with the human body.
And back then, they were talking
about the 2020s and 2030s
as the time when
this would occur.
And people thought I was crazy.
I used to get emails-- people
saying, that will never happen.
>>NOORY: You were
ahead of your time.
>>HENRY: I truly was--
way ahead of the
curve, for certain.
And that's not a curve you
definitely-- or necessarily--
want to be ahead of, because
it has some very frightening
implications.
There's a good side to the AI.
But there's also some
very frightening.
>>NOORY: Well, that's
absolutely true.
Technology that
advances is amazing.
It's a tool that just you
can't do without these days.
>>HENRY: That's right.
>>NOORY: Well,
what's the downside?
>>HENRY: Well, the downside
is loss of personal freedoms,
loss of free will, ability
to make your own decisions.
This is the overriding
concern about AI--
is that you're going to
have an authoritarian,
or even a totalitarian, type
of governmental structure
that's going to mandate
implantation of chips
or merging with AI
to save the species,
for one reason or another.
>>NOORY: Gaia show "Deep
Space" investigated
the rapid development of AI.
>> The technological
rise has been dizzying,
and sometimes confusing,
for large groups of people.
As computers have
become more powerful,
they've also created a
new form of intelligence,
which is now called AI, or
Artificial Intelligence.
Many think that having machines
that can do our thinking for us
will be a great
event for humanity.
Others fear that
the AI will realize
that it does not need us.
Ray Kurzweil, in his book
"The Singularity is Near,"
posits that AI will become so
advanced that it will create
what he calls a singularity.
>>NOORY: What is
that singularity?
>>HENRY: The singularity-- which
is expected to happen sometime
between now and 2030, 2035--
is when these AI machines
that we're building
and the algorithms become
smarter than we are, maybe
by a little, maybe by a lot.
>>NOORY: They may
already be smarter.
>>HENRY: Well, that's a
definite consideration.
And that's the trajectory
that we're on now.
And so the concern is
that we will no longer
be human after this event.
We will enter into
a posthuman phase.
And we're already
starting to see
the beginnings of this
occurring with the coronavirus
and this dehumanization--
no face-to-face
contact, no touching.
Nothing that we know of
as human is basically
allowed at this time.
And this could go on
into the future as well.
And so what we're seeing is this
trend towards dehumanization
and identifying less with your
biological, physical self.
And now we're being
coaxed into identifying
with our virtual
selves, where we're
going to be meeting everybody
in the virtual world,
online in portals.
>>NOORY: Will AI
ever have emotion?
>>HENRY: They say that that
it could one day have emotion.
And we are now
being conditioned,
even by major corporations
through their commercials,
to begin to think of
AI as having emotions.
So it's actually us, humans,
that will change first.
It will be the way we
perceive AI that will shift.
And then AI might be
able to take on what we
consider to be human emotions.
>>NOORY: I believe
it's Elon Musk who's
thinking about having chips
implanted in our brains.
>>HENRY: Yes.
He has this high--
>>NOORY: My god.
>>HENRY: I know it-- this highly
secretive neural link project
that he believes will begin
human testing in early
2021, where they'll drill
a hole in your skull,
insert this chip inside
it, and now you'll
be wired to the
internet of things.
>>NOORY: Will you do that?
>>HENRY: Absolutely not.
>>NOORY: I think people
would be up in arms
if they tried to mandate
things like that.
>>HENRY: They will.
Absolutely.
We're already seeing
some push back with this,
because this is all
book of Revelation,
mark of the beast type of--
>>NOORY: 666.
>>HENRY: --666, in the
mandating of this technology,
and the sacrifice of all that
we know of as human in order
to save the species, for
a future human species.
>>NOORY: Should we go back
to the 1950s, William,
where life was a little
more peaceful and calm?
>>HENRY: Well, I
think people like
to think-- maybe not the
'50s, but maybe the '90s, when
the internet was
just coming online,
and the AI wasn't
controlling things.
That seems to be a comfort
zone for a lot of people.
But then you have a new
generation that's coming up.
And they love AI.
They love the idea that all
the answers that they want
are at their fingertips
and that they don't
have to think for themselves.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
Life will be easy for them.
>>HENRY: That's what they think.
But they don't
know the trade-off,
because they haven't had
this human existence.
You and I have enjoyed
a fully human existence.
And only now we're beginning
to immerse ourselves with AI
and to merge with it.
And that is the big question--
is how much further will we
merge with AI?
It's not a question of, will we?
It's a question of--
we already have--
how much further will we go on
an individual and collective
level?
>>NOORY: Well, you go up to a
young person right now and say,
how much is 128 minus 6?
And they have to
think about this.
They're not sure.
If they had a calculator,
they'll give you the answer.
>>HENRY: Exactly.
>>NOORY: But just thinking
out of their head,
they can't do it.
>>HENRY: I know.
They don't teach cursive
writing in schools anymore.
Penmanship, those
types of things-- those
are completely gone.
People are going to be
communicating more and more
with emojis.
And some people
think that's good,
because it's a universal
language of symbolism,
which has its benefits.
But at the same time,
we're not communicating
at a heart level or a soul
level when we're using emojis.
>>NOORY: I was at a
local pharmacy in St.
Louis a couple months ago.
Their power went out.
The manager had to make a
decision, do I stay open,
or do I close?
He decided to stay open.
And it was a disaster.
His cashiers could not figure
out what was $20 minus $1.18.
>>HENRY: Wow.
>>NOORY: They couldn't do it.
He had to close.
>>HENRY: Wow.
Well, signs of the times.
And it's only going to
accelerate as we go, now,
into more of the AI age.
And what's going to happen is
that, more and more, they're
going to merge our bodies
with AI so that we all become
part of the internet of things.
Another object,
like your toaster,
your microwave oven, your car--
that's how they think of us.
And that's one of the
real dangers of AI--
is that behind it is this
dehumanizing philosophy,
materialism, that
you're just information,
that you're just data.
And these corporations
want to view you just
as data that can be mined.
They can buy and sell your
data, and trade your data.
And when they start to
view a human being just
as information or data, that's
when the dehumanization really
kicks in.
And that's the ultimate danger.
>>NOORY: Oh, I realized
that, a couple of years
ago online, if you
look for a product, all
of a sudden that product shows
up every place you search.
>>HENRY: I know it.
>>NOORY: It's crazy.
>>HENRY: It is.
And they're, of course,
listening so that now they're
hearing your conversations
in your private home.
And now the ads match
your conversations.
They think it's a convenience.
For us, it's not a convenience.
It's an intrusion
on our privacy.
And this is the new world
that they're creating.
>>NOORY: Is this
exciting, or not?
>>HENRY: Parts of it are very
exciting, because we could,
ultimately-- with AI, and with
the supercomputers that drive
it--
we could solve insurmountable
environmental problems.
We can maybe communicate
with other species better.
But there's a
trade-off that's here.
And the trade-off
is we will no longer
be human beings on a planet
that we call our home.
It will now be a
planet that we share
with artificial intelligence,
which may in fact be
an alien intelligence.
>>NOORY: Well,
that's very possible.
Now, when you were in Egypt, you
were investigating the crowns
worn by the pharaohs.
I wanted to look at
some pictures here.
And you can explain
exactly what they are.
But what is the
significance of the crowns
worn by the pharaohs?
>>HENRY: Yeah.
These are very important scenes
here, because what we see--
the kneeling figure in
the tree of life there.
That's King Seti,
who has his hand
out to the Egyptian
god of technology,
whose name was Ptah.
The ancient Egyptian said
that Ptah came from Sirius
and fashioned the human body.
He even has a double
helix in his hieroglyph,
so he must have known
something about DNA.
And why these are
important to us
is because I believe that
these scenes represent
the activation of
human consciousness
by extraterrestrial
entities, by the gods.
It's a very important
mystery in neuroscience
about exactly how the
human neocortex was
activated 200,000 years ago.
We don't know how it
happened, who did it.
It's the great mystery.
We can explain it in
terms of genetics.
We know what happened.
Chromosome 2 was mysteriously
fused in an unnatural way.
But exactly who did it and
why is the ultimate question
of neuroscience.
And what is happening today
is that, if 200,000 years ago,
our neocortex was
activated, that's
the new part of our brain
that enables us to do art,
science, mathematics, build AI.
>>NOORY: Absolutely.
>>HENRY: And what we
are doing now with--
you mentioned Elon
Musk, neural link--
is putting a new layer on
our neocortex, a new part
of our brain, on top
of what the gods had
activated 200,000 years ago.
So my question is, are
these events in fact linked?
Are these god beings that
we see here activating
this king's consciousness?
>>NOORY: They must be.
>>HENRY: Are they still
present in our world today?
Is this the source of AI?
>>NOORY: What is
this object here?
What are we looking at?
>>HENRY: OK, what we're looking
at here is the bird-headed god.
His name is Thoth.
He's the Egyptian peacemaker
god of divine magic and alchemy.
>>NOORY: He's in a lot
of Egyptian sculptures.
>>HENRY: Yes, he is.
And he is here, writing the
name of God into that vase
that we see.
He's got a pen in
his hand, a utensil.
He's writing the name of
God into the tree of life,
effectively writing
the name of God
into the consciousness
of King Seti.
This is an ascension scene.
This is a scene where this
god Thoth, is activating
Seti's consciousness so
that now he can ascend
to the level of the gods.
>>NOORY: And that's Seti
on the bottom there?
>>HENRY: That's Seti
down there in the bottom.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>HENRY: Yes.
So very important scene here
where an extraterrestrial being
is activating the
consciousness of a human being
so that now he can transform
from a human into a god being.
>>NOORY: Who is that
ET in this picture?
>>HENRY: Yeah.
That's a random person I saw
at the temple of Ramses II
in Egypt.
He's walking along.
And he must have been
studying something.
>>NOORY: Looks like you.
>>HENRY: [LAUGHS] It is me.
>>NOORY: [LAUGHS]
>>HENRY: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: What great structures.
Look at that.
>>HENRY: Oh,
absolutely phenomenal.
>>NOORY: How old are they?
>>HENRY: Well, this is 1400 BC.
So--
>>NOORY: Oh, my god.
>>HENRY: --we're
talking 3,400 years old.
And parts of it look like
it was just made yesterday.
>>NOORY: And what
do we have here?
>>HENRY: So here is Ramses II.
He's the son of King Seti, who
we looked at just a moment ago.
>>NOORY: Which one is he?
>>HENRY: He is sitting on
the throne in the tree.
And then we have the god--
>>NOORY: The one in the middle?
>>HENRY: In the middle.
Yes.
And then, on the left,
we have the god Amun
sitting on a feathered throne.
It's feathered,
because it flies.
It's an ascension throne.
And on the right is
the feminine goddess
Seshat, who is also
now shown activating
Ramses II's consciousness.
So he's being plugged into
these cosmic mysteries that
will ultimately transform him.
And the idea is that the
ancient Egyptians believed
it was their gods who originally
activated the human neocortex
so that we could ultimately
become like the gods.
>>NOORY: How could
they have been so
advanced to know these things?
>>HENRY: The gods, or the--
>>NOORY: The Egyptians.
>>HENRY: The Egyptians-- well,
they were taught very well
by these super advanced beings.
And Egypt--
>>NOORY: That's what happened.
>>HENRY: Yeah.
Egypt is the
baseline civilization
for Western civilization.
All of the arts and sciences
really began in ancient Egypt.
And it was a gift from the gods.
>>NOORY: The
pharaohs-- how tuned in
were they to what was going on?
>>HENRY: Oh, extremely tuned in.
They would spend their lives
going through the initiations
and the mystery schools of
Egypt in preparation for taking
their own place among the gods.
>>NOORY: Were they evil people?
>>HENRY: Well, they could be
authoritarian, absolutely.
But they were
definitely not evil.
I mean, they had earthly
and human confrontations
they had to deal with.
But they weren't out to
conquer the world in order
to subject all of humanity to a
darker, or even an evil, force.
>>NOORY: What is
the quantum brain?
>>HENRY: The quantum brain is
what we're developing today.
All of the technology that
we use-- from our cell phone,
to GPS, to new 5G
technology-- is all
based on the quantum revolution
and our understanding
of how things work
at the quantum level.
>>NOORY: What's fueling that?
What's driving that?
>>HENRY: Well, that's
a very good question.
Is it coming from within us?
Or is it some kind of
a cosmic imperative
that we're answering to?
That's what we don't know.
>>NOORY: And is it
being given to us?
>>HENRY: Or is it
I mean, when Einstein is talking
about the theory of relativity,
is he in contact with higher
dimensional beings that
are feeding him this knowledge?
Because wherever it
came from, it completely
transformed human civilization.
And this was called the
first quantum revolution,
which began in the early 1900s.
It went up to about the 1990s.
Now we're entering into the
second quantum revolution,
where we're going to see
supercomputers that can do,
in 200 seconds, what would take
a ordinary supercomputer 10,000
years to perform.
We're talking about
unimaginable technology that
will link everything together.
They're literally talking
about having satellites
that can rain quantum
particles into our bodies
so that we're all linked
between one another.
It's astounding what they're
talking about and very, to me,
alien in its nature.
>>NOORY: From December 2019,
the world has been changing,
William--
sadly, because of
the coronavirus.
How did they get that
name, in the first place?
And how significant is that?
>>HENRY: Yeah.
Corona is a hugely
important name.
Crown is actually what it means.
And so when you look
at the various levels
of interpretation of the
meaning of the word crown,
it has some interesting
connections to what's happened.
To crown means to be suddenly
hit upside your head.
You got crowned.
And that's exactly
what's happened to us.
We've been struck by, as
various politicians refer to it,
as a beast, or the beast that
came out of nowhere and just--
>>NOORY: It's a monster.
>>HENRY: It's monster that
slapped us upside the head.
But to be crowned also is what
happens when the baby first
emerges from the birth
canal, as the top--
>>NOORY: The crown comes out.
>>HENRY: The crown comes out.
So this is a moment of
rebirth for humanity as well.
We've been talking
about this since 2012.
This is what the
Mayans said would
be happening at this time.
This would be a
rebirth for humanity.
And so now, here we
are, being crowned.
And to crown also
means to coronate.
And that's the tie-in
with these scenes in Egypt
that we've been looking at.
These are coronation
scenes where
the pharaoh is being crowned
with a higher consciousness.
And that is the
ultimate positive aspect
of this coronavirus crisis--
is that people are going within.
They're looking to their
spiritual selves for salvation,
for answers, to
understand what is
happening, from a
metaphysical perspective.
>>NOORY: And when you look at
what the coronavirus has been
doing to this planet,
shifting us from one-on-one
to more of a view
a virtual world,
is that going to continue?
>>HENRY: Well, this is a very
important part of it, George.
And I had been talking about
this for several years,
from 2016 to 2019--
that what the
powers-to-be really want
is for us to detach
from our physical selves
and identification with
our physical selves,
and begin to identify
ourselves with a virtual world,
an online world, a new simulated
reality that they're creating.
But the thing is that people
weren't really going for it.
They thought that people
would automatically
want to put on those
VR goggles and enter
into the virtual reality.
>>NOORY: They're not.
They got to work at it.
>>HENRY: They were rejecting it.
It was too much work.
Well, now that's all shifted.
Now everything,
instantly-- overnight,
due to the coronavirus--
is now shifting into the
online, into the virtual world.
We've been literally
shoved into this world.
And in my view, it opens
up tremendous new horizons.
But it also is something we
want to be very cautious about.
We want to keep the
brakes on this one
because, again, it's about the
dehumanization of humanity.
>>NOORY: We've talked about
the neural chips in the brain.
A news station in
Sydney, Australia
reports on putting
chips under the skin.
>> Using public transport,
getting access to buildings,
and paying for coffee is now as
simple as a touch of your hand.
A microchip implanted
beneath the skin
gives people the
same capabilities
as dozens of cards and devices.
And it's not as painful
as you might think.
>> What was once confined
to science fiction movies--
>> This may be a
little uncomfortable.
>> [GASPS]
>> Just implanted
a radium diode.
They're the access
codes to your job spot.
>> --is now reality for a
bunch of Sydney tickets.
>> I can pay, open doors, and
have my business card in there
as well.
>> Remi Baker and Mitch
Hunter, from PHD Media,
are being microchipped
to simplify their lives.
>> My work pass, and
potentially my Opal,
which will allow me access to
my office to use the printer,
to use the scanner.
>> We won't need any ID cards.
We won't need any PIN codes.
We won't need any sort of
access cards, or anything.
So we can live a
much freer life.
>> The microchip, which is
the size of a grain of rice,
sits under the skin.
Data from your bank card,
payment method, building swipe,
lending profile,
or medical history
is cloned onto the chip, which
is implanted in the hand.
Using the same technology
as tap-and-pay cards,
the chip can then be used
to open security doors,
pay for a coffee,
use public transport,
and access information you've
programmed onto the chip.
>> This technology also has
the potential to save lives.
Steve has loaded medical data
onto the chip in his hand.
So if he was found unconscious,
all you'd need to do
is get a phone,
tap it on his hand.
And you'd have access
to medical data,
like his blood type, as well
as any allergies he has.
>> For those concerned
about privacy,
the user controls what
data is made available.
Visa says it's
possible for any device
to become enabled for payments.
But the chip would need to
meet Visa's security standards
and be issued by a bank.
>>NOORY: That's kind of scary.
>>HENRY: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Come on.
>>HENRY: It is.
It gets to the point
where, well, they probably
would like that, until the
first time they get hacked.
>>NOORY: And if I want
to steal your identity--
>>HENRY: Exactly.
>>NOORY: --do I slice
it out of your hand?
>>HENRY: Right.
Yeah, exactly.
Exactly.
And then the control
aspect of it--
if this is going to be
mandated, very problematic
on many different levels.
I understand the
convenience of it.
I've met people that
have been chipped.
I've seen the
chipping being done.
It's very interesting.
>>NOORY: It's being used.
>>HENRY: It's being
used quite widely now.
And it's a real concern
because, ultimately, people
are so willing to give
over their rights.
People's blood has
been spilled in order
for you and I to have free
speech, freedom of religion,
the entire Bill of Rights.
And now people are so willing
to say, ah, here, just take
my hand, and put a chip in it,
and do what you want with this.
>>NOORY: And go off on
our little merry way.
>>HENRY: Exactly.
>>NOORY: There seems to
be a big push, William,
for vaccinating
the entire planet,
either mandatory, or otherwise.
>>HENRY: Right.
>>NOORY: Is it also a scheme
to implant chips in us
through the vaccines?
>>HENRY: It's very clearly
aiming us in that direction--
that there is a master plan--
>>NOORY: Oh, boy.
>>HENRY: --that someone
or some group of people
are privy to, that the
average person is not to,
that they are
clearly brainwashing,
social engineering us, moving
the herd in this direction
that this must happen in
order to save the race.
They were using climate
change for 5 to 10 years
as the main reason to
move in this direction,
to merge with AI.
But that wasn't working.
People weren't buying that.
>>NOORY: That didn't work.
>>HENRY: That didn't work.
So now they've got a new weapon
in the hand of the beast.
They've got AI.
They've got the virus.
They've got 5G.
And it's coming after us hard.
>>NOORY: Is this the
sign of the beast?
>>HENRY: Yes, without question.
>>NOORY: You're
convinced of this.
>>HENRY: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: Book of
Revelation, here we come.
>>HENRY: Here it is,
even in their patents.
I mean, Microsoft just
filed a patent recently
to use your body's
energy to mine Bitcoin.
And the patent actually had--
>>NOORY: My gosh.
>>HENRY: --the number 666 in it.
>>NOORY: No.
>>HENRY: Seriously.
I mean, you can't
make this stuff up.
And they make these references.
>>NOORY: Aren't they
aware of the Bible?
>>HENRY: I think they must be.
And they are just
playing with us.
>>NOORY: Are they
laughing about it?
>>HENRY: I think so.
I think that they
must know this.
And they're like, we're
going to do it anyway.
And try to stop us.
And that is the
objective right now
for all spiritual
beings on this planet--
is to recognize the
severity of this threat
and that we are, in fact, in
a war against a beast that
has been prophesied.
And by the way, the
beast loses, according
to the book of Revelation.
>>NOORY: In the end.
>>HENRY: In the end.
>>NOORY: But in
reality, does it happen?
>>HENRY: Yes.
>>NOORY: Do you think?
>>HENRY: This event, yes.
And we are in the throes of
it at this moment, in my view.
And it's up to--
as the book of
Revelation says, there
is 144,000 souls that don't
allow the mark of the beast
into their hand
or their forehand.
But instead, they have the
mark of God, which is--
>>NOORY: And they get
taken, or something.
>>HENRY: Yeah.
But first, they
defeat the beast.
They wake everybody up and clue
everybody into what's going on.
>>NOORY: You could be
one of those 144,000.
>>HENRY: Well, thank you.
I would be honored
to be one of those--
>>NOORY: That is.
>>HENRY: --for sure.
>>NOORY: Now, if they pull
you, kicking and screaming,
are you going to get
this chip in your hand?
>>HENRY: No.
No.
Absolutely not.
I made that decision.
>>NOORY: What's the downside?
What happens if you don't?
>>HENRY: The downside is you
can't buy, sell, or trade.
You can't re-enter
normal society.
This is--
>>NOORY: You can't use your
hand for a credit card.
>>HENRY: You can't use your
Right.
And this is the
language that they're
using with the
coronavirus vaccine--
that, unless you have this,
you won't be able to enter
into normal society.
And normal society is one in
which you have the vaccine.
>>NOORY: Well, it's
happening, isn't it?
>>HENRY: Yes, it is.
It's unfolding right
before our eyes.
>>NOORY: We can take
two paths in our life.
Which one would you take?
>>HENRY: Oh, I'm definitely
taking the spiritual path
and following the
path that says,
OK, I'm going to identify
with my spiritual self.
The two paths-- one
is that you follow
the path of facelessness,
no touching other people,
all of the social
distancing, the vaccinations,
the implantation of
whatever chips they're
to be offering or mandating.
The other path is to say,
I'm going to pull out
of that part of society.
I'm going to live a
spiritually oriented life.
And I'm not going to relinquish
control of my mind, body,
and soul to any
government authority.
>>NOORY: On the Gaia
program "Damanhur, Journey
Through Time," they talk
about the fall of Atlantis.
>> Well, human are pretty good
to repeat the same mistakes.
>> Yeah.
>> You know what I mean?
>> So unfortunately, we are so--
it's so difficult
for us to understand
from the past experience.
So we are repeating,
and repeating,
repeating the same things.
And when you grow so fast,
you become so powerful.
So you have a power.
Power, unfortunately,
is an instrument.
And it's an instrument
that can also corrupt you.
So when I can decide
whatever I want--
whatever I want.
So I'm going to use the
power to what I want,
or for what I'm supposed
to use the power.
How much my values, my
dreams, are guiding my action.
Or how much my ego is
guiding my actions.
So we know,
unfortunately, that even
with the best aim, if the
conscious inside is not awake,
we can really lose the way.
>> Sure.
>> We can lose the reason
why we are doing something.
We create something.
We are part of a civilization.
And this is the second part
of Atlantis-- so a power
that corrupt Atlantis, an
Atlantis that is not anymore
the testimony of
this golden age.
But unfortunately,
the testimony of a use
of a power just for the power,
or just for the ego of who is,
let's say, the one
that can decide things.
>>NOORY: So he makes
reference to Atlantis.
Are we headed that way?
>>HENRY: A lot of people
are asking that question.
Are we the new Atlantis?
And in a way, we are.
Atlantis was an allegorical
tale told by Plato,
referencing a civilization
that he said existed
9,000 years before his time.
He lived in 600 BC.
So this is the
civilization that would
have been destroyed by the
end of the Younger Dryas,
the end of the last ice age.
>>NOORY: Right.
Unfortunately.
>>HENRY: Right.
And Plato was saying that
the Atlanteans were actually
hybrid beings.
They were hybrids of
humans and the gods.
And as long as they
honored the divine element
within themselves and
lived righteous lives,
everything was going to be fine.
But in the story of Atlantis,
they got off the path.
They started behaving
unrighteously
and forgot about the divine
aspect of themselves.
>>NOORY: Ooh.
Who does that sound like?
>>HENRY: Exactly.
And this is when Zeus
said, I've had enough.
And he sent this premeditated
cataclysm, the biblical flood.
>>NOORY: Asteroid,
something, maybe caused it.
>>HENRY: Solar flare, asteroid--
yeah, exactly-- and
destroyed Atlantis.
And so we seem to be in
exactly the same position
as the Atlanteans were
before their destruction.
We've lost our way.
We're starting to
augment the human body.
We're merging with AI.
There's nothing
righteous or spiritual
about what we are
doing technologically.
And it could be that
there is an entity,
an extraterrestrial entity,
that is either driving
this or watching this.
And if we go too far
with it, it could
result in our own destruction.
>>NOORY: Could this
pandemic that the world
has been experiencing have
anything to do with this?
>>HENRY: I think so.
The pandemic is
clearly a wake-up call.
And it's clearly a threat
and a warning about what
will happen if we allow runaway
technology to take over,
these corporations to
begin mandating chips,
and this kind of thing.
We're in real trouble.
>>NOORY: We are seeing what
has happened when governments
decide to do things to us.
Lockdowns, closures,
unemployment--
all these things.
You would think the humankind
would fight back and rebel.
And outside of just some
protests, it continues.
We're not stopping this.
So what makes you
think we're going
to be able to defeat the
chip, the vaccine, and all
these other things?
>>HENRY: It's
alarming, isn't it?
I mean, how much do we
have to have done to us
before we really wake up?
And it's starting to happen.
People are waking up every day.
And people are starting to get
together on social networks,
and even in public
spaces, and pushing back.
5G is the primary war
or primary battlefield
that they're fighting on right
now because, if there's no 5G,
there's no advancement of AI.
There's no
implantation of chips.
That has to have the 5G in order
for this technology to work.
>>NOORY: And then there's
6G, and 7G, and 8G right
after that.
>>HENRY: That's what
they have planned.
Exactly.
And this is why this is
the critical battlefield--
because, if we roll over
here and allow this to occur,
there is no turning
back for humanity.
There will be no
human race after this.
We will then evolve very
quickly into a posthuman race.
>>NOORY: You may be too
young to remember this.
But do you remember "The
Jetsons" cartoon series?
>>HENRY: Of course.
Yeah, absolutely.
>>NOORY: OK.
They were probably ending
as you were 10 years old,
or something like that.
>>HENRY: Yeah.
>>NOORY: And you looked at that.
And it looked like a society
of an incredible future.
>>HENRY: Right.
>>NOORY: TV sets on the wall--
we have that now.
Digital phones,
little smartphones,
that you can call people--
we have that now, and all that.
That cartoon made it sound
like the future was glorious.
You don't think it's glorious.
>>HENRY: Parts of
it are, absolutely,
as long as we're using these
tools for the benefit of all,
rather than the
benefit of a few.
And that's the real problem--
is that most of the
promoters and advocates
of this technology, are--
they're like the kings of old.
They want to control
everything and everyone.
>>NOORY: How do they benefit?
>>HENRY: Well, one, financially.
And two, in terms of
consolidation of power.
Look at Facebook.
The censorship on Facebook,
on Google, YouTube
is beyond what
anybody really thought
these platforms were about.
Now they flipped
into something more.
They're quasar
governmental agencies
who are all about
censorship and ultimately
controlling the people that
are using these platforms.
>>NOORY: Oh, yeah.
If they don't like
what's posted--
>>HENRY: Oh, absolutely.
>>NOORY: --even though it may
be just a statement about a news
event--
>>HENRY: Exactly.
>>NOORY: --they can yank it.
And so now we're talking
about-- this is truly a big--
>>NOORY: What happened
to freedom of speech?
>>HENRY: Forget about it.
We have to fight for that again.
We have to demand that.
And this is where
people have to decide,
where are the limits
within their own life?
Maybe need to begin talking
with family and friends about,
hey, these are the
implications of these decisions
that we're making right now.
>>NOORY: WilliamHenry.net--
that is that website for--
>>HENRY: Yes.
>>NOORY: --people to go to?
>>NOORY: You've had
that for a long time.
>>HENRY: Yes, I have.
>>NOORY: You've had
millions of hits by now--
>>HENRY: Yes.
[LAUGHS]
>>NOORY: --haven't you?
>>HENRY: Yes.
Yes.
>>NOORY: The future of
society for all of us--
yes or no?
>>HENRY: I'm always looking
on the positive side.
I say, yes.
I think we're going to have
some intervention that's
going to come in here
that's going to help us.
It's not to say it's
not going to be painful.
But ultimately, I
think the good guys are
going to win in this battle.
>>NOORY: William, thanks for
being on "Beyond Belief."
>>HENRY: Thank you, George.
Thank you for having me.
>>NOORY: I agree with him.
I think there's
hope for mankind.
And by the time it all
clears, we're going to win.
I'm George Noory, and thanks
for watching "Beyond Belief."
[THEME MUSIC]